Hello And not, can you hear me? Hello, Jane, yes, good to hear from you. Good.  So uh what do you want to do? Well, I just kind of wanna I'm guessing this is probably the last time I'll see you. um and meet with you. I guess I kind of just wanted to go over, um it you know, some of the reports I'll have to be running now, uh, and working with Terry and Sean. uh to facilitate that and just kind of wrap up anything that you think I need to know. um I'm curious about I'm curious how many reports a week you generated, how many reports a month you generated.  And if there's like four or five or six contacts, I can reach out to on slack that regularly reached out to you for reports. I actually sent a report to. I don't know what I give you or not. the reports for now, but it's like, well, what if it's April 25th or May 25th and new reports need to be created?  Our new going to be in the future. existing report one already including the email to. So that is the one. But I don't think of our actually needed by user because some of those are reports, like a out by mound, if we show up thatian, you will know some of those I don't think that they actually need it probably you can just check with the user see whether they want it, then you really don't want it, then we just will move it.m kind of curious to know the us are you another that have the loser who is a receiver, I believe search for my email Maybe you can forward it back to me again.  I know you I see fuse Capital Projects report, I' search for, be sh Two, two. at, uh, let me hear that you by slack Okay, did you see my report? I'm checking. I don't see it yet in the email.  Email slash Okay, so I see slack yeah, I see the Excel spreadsheet. Okay. should show you what is the a report currently running and uh receivedian follow the report. So you should have that number 17.  Len, sole checkways lost loser sayio loser. but I don't want to don't the name. that's fine. That's fine. I can reach out to these people.  Um I that makes sense. I guess, do you mind if I share my screen real quick? Yeah, I have a quick question.  So let me know when you can see it. It? Yeah, I see it.  Okay. So, because my question is, so I have I was able to S sensation in visual studio to this box and to the other one. Um, it looks like it has IBB, PMO apps, HTTP doc.  It looks like you're running these reports from here. Is that true or are you running them from VPT, the Web Gooey specifically? Well, yeah, so if I have an example of report section, so you do kind of and you location for those reports., the current it Okay, no, this makes sense, okay, this is very helpful.  Um, so then so okay, so do I run this report in the terminal? report No, I understand that, but like, how do I run this report? Do I log in into putty here and then run it?  report on it's the doesn't. So those on. How do I do that?  I do the over toPMO, I don't know password photos ID or don't you have received usual lecture. So saying my first and use a password for my thing Gail is not allowed to run, is a sentence, you are a contractor, so I know what you that's something to be mindful of. I told that yesterday and he's well aware of it. um they know that of my contractor status and that um I think what they're gonna try to figure out is who's the right person to be running these jobs on this server.  Because if I'm in a contractor if I'm a contractor, I'm not allowed, then I'm not the right person to be running the jobs. Maybe yeah, maybe that's you have some kind of not allow you to do a job. I guess that he the pass or two for theer there, PMO ideas Okay.  So so so why don't you run those, you need to choose sort over as I user or you lobing the abway I be Vo user. So let me try that right now because it looks like I have the usion and password here. should be able to just log because in the crown jab of this us Okay, so I'm in here. Yeah, okay, so theron.  Okay, I understand. This makes sense. I think this is really important to go over.  I would say this is probably the missing link that I was not that aware of. So, okay, so this is everything I need to know is this chron job because this is everything that everyone's regularly um. Yeah, yeah, okay.  So this is very helpful, Jene. I think this was the crux of what I needed to know. Is there anything since we're here, is there anything else we need to be aware of, since I have this somethingodged in as this year?  it's publish something else needed to take it over.. Well, I don't want to leave the call too prematurely and and have missing information and regret not asking things. Is there anything else I need to be aware of?  I mean, I have everything here for the directory so I can study these scripts and it looks like a lot of these reports are in here. So like just for example, we have KPI's automation, um I mean, I guess how many I mean, how many different I mean, I'm guessing it could be like several things, but I'm guessing a number of things can go wrong, right, with these reports and then you're having to go into the database and fix them. Is that true?  the the report could be run, what't wrong that the data collection. So if that happens, you have to go to collection. Okay, so you're saying the report generally works, but if there's data that's incorrect in the database that's a different issue data collection yeah.  So the data that's going into the VPT database, the collection of that data, there's an issue. Well, who do I reach out to for that? How many people push data into this thing?  figure out I really need like 20 names. I have most of them right now, but is there are these all the people I need to know? So this looks like these are people for reporting, but you need to only worried about user, you XRPT issues.  So is XRP have a list of those can we get another Excel sheet similar to this? give you a slack? Yeah, that would probably be helpful.  I think what we can do for the time being is just give give me access to the people you regularly communicated with and as soon as they know that I was working with you, I think as long as they know that I have, send it from our let me do this right now. so now everyone has a record of me here. Okay, um I I think I can I save this? I'm gonna start this one two star.  I think that's good for an nowoging. I unless there's anything else, I can't think of there's data that comes in and there's data that goes out. and as long as I can reach out to both types of people for the data coming in and the data coming out, I guess I'll just have to live on this directory or this server box and just run stuff. I guess I had a quick question.  Can we test is there a script I can test to run right now to make sure I can run it? That's not a big deal. You are you can go to the script to come out some of against a just little bit pressure with yourself, and you do a task. uh But you wrong as it is, it will send out the user I was just wondering if there was like a test one you can make I do not I do the Okay, so I can copy one is there like a simple one?  which is simple Or maybe like a hello world kind of thing. I don't know. I was just wondering like if there was a script you used to just test to make sure basic things were running., let's do uh WebVT uh PT for a new like for this one Yeah.  So let me see here. Let me go in there just a present all the uh just you the scrapes first. Yeah, so I would want VPT any report emails, so I want to doAst.  Okay, so this is actually pretty simple. Um said uh the the the second from last,, second last. last the last send out the way report. So just the um go to last repra uh recipients with the email Nationalecture test.  Then after that recipients are in this file. I'm just trying to read it right now. Um, I see, I'm just trying to okay.  What about VPT email? What is that like? this one quite a bit.  Not too long. No, not this one. It's a little one inside the files, it's it's a second from second from last.  Okay, another one all this one one. yes. The second from the second. Yeah, you need to sh.  Okay, so let me Oh. Okay. This is the two male two.  I'd have to update this. I think this is good for now. I think what I need to do is I'll need to um SS it'll be easier for me to navigate these files using visual studio. um but let me let me see here.  Let me let me just make one real quick. There's gotta be Let me to see if I can make something here. Okay, let me do theI Okay, so why do Okay, so this worked.  I was able to execute this SH file. Do you see what I did? No, I didn't.  I was I' select it. So, what did Okay, so I created this file called Gerald Jing Test, and it's just echoes. And then I I bashed it and it let me and it ran.  So I do have the execution capacity for the files in here as the as the cause obviously I'm the IBV PMO user. It doesn't know that I'm Gerald. It thinks I'm IBB.  So I guess in here, I just need a log in here and when someone complains or something didn't run, I just come in here, find the right script to run and run it. Jude I don't No, I understand. I mean, nine times out of ten, the cron tab is supposed to take care of it.  But if problem. Yeah, that would be from the channel here in Slack that I now have and reached out to. um, so I can ping them. Now you guys are busy.  You guys got all kinds of things that come in throughout the day. you guys are very painful. Well, I mean, I don't know. I is there anything else I missing?  I is like like the contact with some market support engineer to get the theoops. not here, not here. It's in the market. This is for XL. um that's the data and I put the issue in new contact to the market to circle out.?  So, um you, okay, go to OPT. Web. Okay, you not you not in the go to your that's.  So you would see that? Those are the, those are groups, usually to workless and the user. collection not coming correctly, you have to work with the owner. I' say, you have a sub market here in the submarket is like a first one, whatever the sub market.  So you do the contact with the sub market engineer who are those people? Is there an email or a person I can reach out to, this is that as a person's user ID. who is the right to use, but to come back. Because on the market, you theations the change of laws.  So it's not out of the same guy, so it may after some other guys longer look for their positions they move out or they move different possessions. So then you have to contact manager to out what is the contact to gather the cell groups again. Okay.  That makes sense. Um, let me okay, that makes sense. Let me I'm not asking you on to do is like a in the I play is a user guy under the use VPT type.  Okay. So isatedated. I mean it's like a high you update flow up.  You can still refer use a guy is somehow updated, but it is still That's This is really good. Yeah, this is very good. I wish I had known about this earlier.  Uh, this is good. Okay, no, this makes sense. Okay.  I want to look. No, I think this is it for for now, Jane. I wish you the best.  I appreciate the quick help here. It it was only 30 minutes, but it will go a long way for me. I hope in like a happy, okay.  Sure, sure. Okay. I okay, thank you.  Okay. Okay, I'll see you. Bye.
